Add the hability to remove the "helm.sh/resource-policy: keep" default annotation from the pvc (#232)
rstudio/helm: charts/rstudio-connect/NEWS.md

# 0.2.35

> - Add the ability to set annotations to the PVC.

Reviewer: Here and elsewhere: avoid using acronyms like "PVC" in user-facing docs. We should use some variant of "Persistent Volume Claim" instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add the ability to set annotations to the Persistent Volume Claim.
```
